In this lecture we really use CSSA to stylized the home page.
We will animate the character on the top left of our Web page.
And the border of the just open sign at the top right of our web page to draw attention to it to start.
We are going to give ideas to our three HCM elements on the top of our Web page.
We will call the first album Inside the guy as it is the character at the top left of our Web page.
The pizza guy or middle elements IDB will call logo since it has the logo of the pizza parlor.
The third element we will assign an idea of sign to since it is the just open sign on the top right
of our Web page now that we can identify these elements by their IDs.
We will start by animating the guy at the top left of our Web page.
We are going to create a simple animation that rotates our character on the web page and 3D.
Let's start by writing the code for animation and the style section of our code.
We will use the at keyframes rule and Neymar animation guy and I'm inside the curly braces for the body
of the animation.
We're going to specify the Y rotation at certain keyframes the property we are going to animate during
our animation is the transform property at a keyframe of 0 percent.
We will specify that the Y rotation will be 0 degrees at keyframe 40 percent.
We will also specify the Y rotation will be zero degrees.
The reason we are specifying two zeros back to back 1 0 0 percent and 1 to 40 percent is because during
that time in the animation we want the rotation of our element to stay at zero degrees if we only had
one of these keyframes and then specified a value there would be tweeting between the keyframes which
would cause the element to gradually transition between these values instead of staying at zero at a
keyframe of 50 percent.
We will give our element a y rotation of 40 degrees at 60 percent of the way through the animation the
Y rotation will be 0 degrees at keyframe 100 percent.
We will specify that our element has a y rotation of 0 degrees.
Now that we have the code for our animation we are going to link it to our element using the elements
ID we will use the ID that we gave the element before guy in this case to specify that this is the element
we want to style.
We will use the animation property and specify the animation name guy and the duration 3 seconds and
the looping of our animation using the infinite keyword.
When we run our code you should see the pizza guy at the top left of our Web page animating.
Next up we are going to animate the border of the just open sign.
We will take a similar approach as we did with the pizza guy.
First we will write the code for animation.
We will name our animation sign animation.
All of the styles we specify are going to be added keyframe of 50 percent halfway through the animation.
We want the border top right radius border top left radius border bottom right radius and border bottom
left radius to have a value of 120 pixels 50 percent through the animation.
Now that we have the code for animation lets you link it to our element earlier in this lecture we gave
our element an idea of sine we will use the animation property and specify the animation name of sign
and a duration of three seconds and make our animation loop by using the infinite key word.
Now when we run our code you will see that the border of our just open sign has an animated border that
becomes rounded and then pops back to angular
in the next lecture.
We will stylized the about us page of our website.